issue1 initial commit (#1)
avilior/fake: README.md

what is going on

> This edit is being made on issue1 branch.

Author: ```suggestion
This edit is being made based on  issue1.  << edit by me in the PR. 
```

what is going on

This edit is being made based on  issue1.  << edit by me in the PR. 

One more thing....... I am going to make a change on local and push up again.

What will happen on the PR?

> 

Author: Well it showed up.... what happens if I press the  Start a Review.

> 

Author: ```suggestion
Well it showed up in the PR for sure....
```

what is going on

This edit is being made based on  issue1.  << edit by me in the PR. 

One more thing....... I am going to make a change on local and push up again.

What will happen on the PR?

> 

Author: Well it showed up on the PR....the conversation carries on
